Batch 5 notes for expense permission granularity

Related screens/files:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_editor_route.dart
- lib/shared/profiles/user_permissions.dart
- screen_notes/expenses_receipts.txt

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 5

"As far as permissions are concerned, I mean, I don't know if that's how a
professional team would set things up or not."

"I've got a bad feeling that's not nearly as many permissions that are needed."

"Expenses, why do you have fuel, materials, tools, maintenance, meals, lodging?
They're highlighted."

"You don't even tell the person you need it."

"If we're gonna have highlighting the way to select expenses, then that's one
thing."

"For each individual permission, like for a few, do I have the ability to add a
fuel receipt?"

"Do I have the ability to edit a fuel receipt?"

"Do I have the ability to add, edit, and view my own stuff?"

"Do I have the ability to add, view, or edit other people's information?"

"How am I to know you wrote the security rules correctly when you can't even
get the permissions correct?"

"This needs to be set up exactly the same way a multi-billion dollar industry
would have theirs set up."

"What about the fuel? Can I add fuel?"

"Can I add an expense?"

"Can I see other people's fuel information?"

"Office and an office worker more than likely is not going to be writing fuel
receipts."

"It's up to them whether the office workers can do fuel receipts or not."

"Whether they can add that expense or not."

"For these permissions, all right, all right, for that particular employee, can
that employee add, edit, and view their own stuff, is question number one."

"Can they add, edit, add, edit, or view somebody else's information?"

"And if so, what is it?"

"For each and every single permission, you know this."

"Is it a read-only? Is it a read or write?"

"The who, the what, the when, the where, and the how."

"You need to do one category at a time."

"We're gonna break this down one category at a time."

"Expenses, three of nine enabled."

