Batch 4 notes for permissions model and presentation

Related screens:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_editor_route.dart
- lib/shared/profiles/user_permissions.dart

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/14a759af-51f1-48fa-85e9-445d4851ee51/pasted-text.txt

"Permissions and edit permissions, edit info permissions and then edit
permissions. You know well and good that is not how a professional team would
lay that out these days."

"When I click on edit info, here it is again. You got really long nested
boxes."

"Jobs, I mean, all those permissions and stuff. It's a container, I mean, it's
containers inside of a container."

"You got a whole list of containers inside of one long nested container."

"I get it, you're trying to keep the sections together, but you can keep them
together with a title, like permission categories."

"What's the purpose of having like standard access? Then I gotta expand the
advanced actions."

"We need to get rid of that standard stuff and just label each and every one of
the permissions like a professional company would."

"I want these permissions done like a Fortune 500 multi-billion dollar
industry."

"How would they set it up? That's what you need to ask yourself, and that's how
you need to lay it out and set things up."

"Absolutely everything needs to be set up like a multi-billion dollar company."

"These permissions need to be set up like a multi-billion dollar company would
set theirs up."

"That engineering team for that company, how would they do it? Answer that
question and that's your answer."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/b62ba0e1-b507-44a8-b877-58ed941a7ac5/pasted-text.txt

"For the expenses, here's the thing, we are a record-keeping application only."

"That's all we can do is create records."

"It's entirely up to that employer to tell that user or that employee what they
can do with the company expenses in that card."

"We are just recording the activity that is recorded."

"We can't see that card statement, and I don't wanna see that card statement."

"But for now, we are only record-keeping."

"If Johnny gets, just Johnny, you know, Johnny, he's who's it, Joe Blow,
whoever, gets a company card, once I hire that employee and I add them to this
app, that is when, you know, are they able to create an expense?"

"If so, then by default, all expenses are turned on for them to be able to
create that expense."

"Are they able to edit what they have already put in? Entirely on the employer
to decide that."

"Are they able to view it? Entirely on the employer to do it."

"Are they able to edit, view, and add stuff for the other employees?"

"If so, we've got to have which role are they able to add, edit, view, share,
export, all that stuff. for each employee title, for each and every one of
them, features."

"If you're able to view other people's expenses, then which role are you able
to view?"

"I've got more however many expense categories I have, guess what? That's how
many expense categories need to be underneath of the expense tab."

"Each one of those, all right, is the user able to read and write his or her
own expense?"

"Are they able to edit their own expense records?"

"If they have permission for expenses to create them, then, you know, it's
still up to the employer whether they can edit their expense after they have
entered it."

"Then it's still up to the employer whose expense can they see, can they edit
and read other people's expenses?"

"If so, which role can they edit and which role can they not edit?"

"A foreman may need to, you know, be able to go in and add expenses for a
helper."

"A helper may or may not have permission to add expenses."

"When it comes to hours, is that employee allowed to write down their own
hours?"

"Is that employee allowed to write other people's hours?"

"Are they able to read other people's hours?"

"Are they able to be able to read what that employee makes per hour?"

"Are they able to see what that user makes per week, per month, all of that
stuff?"

"Absolutely everything has to be answered inside of this permission list."

"Every single record that is kept on this app needs a perma- all of these
permissions."

"Whatever this app does, it must be a permission for each of the features of
this app."

"Absolutely, positively, every bit of this app must be accounted for, for
permissions."

