Batch 3 notes for routing and screen structure

Related screens:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_profile_routes.dart
- lib/screens/dashboard/calendar_day_flow.dart

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 3

"Absolutely do not do it as a screen state. It needs to be a new screen."

"For something this big, where you have employee information, everything that
employee has done, you got a calendar at the bottom of the screen for that
page."

"Honestly, the first screen would be more like an info screen, so to speak."

"If the user clicks on permissions, it would actually drop down for
permissions."

"Now, the calendar day, on the other hand, is where all the magic happens."

"That's where it needs to shine because that is where you see absolutely every
entry that employee has made."

"That is where you can edit and add information."

"This is why permissions are so important because you will be able to add
stuff, add hours for that employee, take away hours for that employee."

"Right now, we are just doing the contractor side, then we will have to do the
employee side of things, which will basically be a mirror of what the
contractor sees with some subtle differences."

"Don't be changing the state of the screens to a profile."

"It needs to be a profile screen."

"You changing one screen to like three or four different states, I don't think
that's a good idea. It's a good way to have a bug."

"The calendar screen is a shared widget anyways across the entire app."

"Every single page has a calendar screen. It is a shared component."

"When you tap on a calendar screen, whether you're an employee or you are the
owner of the company, that is where you see what you have done or where you see
what the employee has done, which vehicle they drove for that day."

"The active vehicle row will be up top. But it is a read-only for this page,
because it's the employee profile page."

"The employee might have to change multiple vehicles during the day."

"If they change the vehicles, it'll show the first vehicle they started out
with, and the second, below that's the third, below that's the fourth, so on
and so forth."

"Everything they've done from top to bottom is in chronological order."

"If there is no timestamp for it, then it's first come, first serve. Whatever
way I entered it into it, whatever the last one I entered, that would be the
top one."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 3

"Should there be employee permissions and then an employee profile separate?"

"When you tap the hamburger menu, I'm thinking, one screen for all is what I'm
thinking."

"It makes it a lot easier. You can see the employee, everything about them and
their permissions all in one setting instead of having to go back to the
hamburger menu to get into the info page."

