Batch 3 notes for employee profile layout and data

Related screens:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_profile_panels.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_profile_recap_panels.dart

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/d3ca09cd-0e0c-4793-bc26-c789fc634100/pasted-text.txt

"Oh, we also need to have the rate to pay for that employee as well."

"This needs to be a true legit information center for the employee."

"This needs to be a true blue employee profile page."

"It needs to show what job, it needs to show everything about this employee."

"What jobs they have worked on for the week."

"It needs, honestly, a calendar for each employee."

"Now, this needs to be a complete and total information overload about that
employee."

"What is their hourly rate? How many hours have they worked?"

"It needs to say everything. Like, how much, what were their expenses for each
day? What is the total expenses they incurred for the week?"

"Invoices. How much, how many, how much did they make on invoices? What
invoices did they submit for the week?"

"For the permissions stuff, there needs to be a button, and when you click on
that button, that could be a complete page on its own."

"All the other user information, like what they've worked and things like that,
could be a different screen."

"We don't need to put all that on one screen. It'd be way too much. It'd be
cluttered."

"That's what we need to do, is an employee profile, like how much have they
worked for that week, all of their information, how much are they making per
hour."

"I need to be able to edit that amount."

"Show how much the user has worked, what their paycheck would be as of right
then for what their hours have been and versus how much they get paid per
hour."

"Or if they salary, then it'd be different. It'd be just one flat rate every
week."

"We gotta have pay period for that employee as well."

"For pay period, I don't know. Probably need to have it per employee, whether
it's once a week. When does their pay period begin? When does it end? or we
could have a master setting for everybody."

"We're not doing pay period on the employee profile, I don't think, not yet
anyways."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/8ef5a5a7-c599-4001-91c7-b7ccad7b6490/pasted-text.txt

"You've got to create the data for each one of those users. I don't want just
a name."

"I wanna see all the data. Every last bit of it, exactly how it would be if I
had employees working for me with different roles and different setups."

"If it's a phone number, you need to title it phone number."

"If it's an ID for Firebase, you need to hide that because the user don't need
to see the ID."

"If there is a phone number on there, you need to say phone number, and then
you need to do the proper layout for a phone number."

"Area code inside of parentheses, and then the first three digits, dash, last
four digits."

"I need data for these employees. You need to load this up to the brim.
Permissions, all the whole nine yards."

"Information, what they have done, what jobs they've done, exactly how it would
look for a owner of the app."

"That employee profile has got to actually work. How else am I gonna know what
the layout is if it doesn't actually work?"

"You know what a contractor needs if they've got employees. They've got to have
every, all the demographics, all the information, what that employee has done."

"If that contractor wants to hide some of that stuff, let them hide it. It's up
to them. It's their app."

"If we make this customizable, then we gotta have a revert to default button
somewhere, so it will revert to back to the way we had it."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/2aa41955-16f5-49d0-bea9-37befb007585/pasted-text.txt

"You've got back, edit permissions, and edit info stacked on top of each
other."

"Plus, the back button is already at the top, right above the active vehicle
profile."

"When I tap on like money in, when I tap on that, I told you, that needs to
open up to that page so I can see that money coming in."

"Money out, no, it's called expenses."

"It's called invoices."

"Jobs slash stops. Are you kidding?"

"It doesn't say, okay, you've got all that information. Okay, well, what is
that for? Is that for the day, for the week, for the month, for the year?"

"You need to look at the expense screen itself and see how the recap is, but
there's one thing that needs to be added is 90 day."

"You got daily, weekly, monthly, year to date, but there needs to be the past
90 days."

"Current permissions. That is an entirely different screen."

"Permissions is an entirely different screen."

"And that needs to be up top, inside of the employee information box, just like
we talked about."

"The back button inside of the employee information box needs to be gone."

"Any information inside of this application. Must be accurate to the penny."

