Batch 3 notes for employee profile calendar

Related screens:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_profile_routes.dart
- lib/screens/dashboard/calendar_day_flow.dart
- lib/screens/dashboard/calendar_flow_widgets.dart

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 3

"You need to make sure you are importing the same calendar that's showing up at
the bottom of the screen for every screen for this employee."

"That calendar is very vital for all of these employees."

"So when I click on one of those days, it needs to show me all of what that
employee has done for that day."

"It needs to be like it is on every other screen, but this is gonna be even
more."

"You need to be able to add and edit information for each day, for each
employee."

"So when I tap on that, at the top of the screen, obviously it will show the
day and the time, the date, month, day, year."

"At the top, it needs to show what the active, honestly, the active vehicle for
that person, yeah, that active vehicle row needs to be up there too."

"We need to be able to do everything for that day, for that employee.
Absolutely everything for that employee."

"We need all the records, like all the averages, all the recaps."

"What jobs they've been on, how many hours for each of those jobs that they've
been on."

"That calendar layout itself is supposed to be shared across the entire app."

"That needs to be at the bottom like it is on every other screen."

"That calendar, that's what that's for, is seeing all the entries in
chronological order, by the way, for that day."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/8ef5a5a7-c599-4001-91c7-b7ccad7b6490/pasted-text.txt

"The calendar does not go on the goddamn page for the list of employees. It
goes on the page when I tap that employee name on that employee profile."

"I've got to be able to see what that employee has done for every calendar
day."

"For the calendar, there must be daily at the top of the calendar for the
recap itself, or wherever that recap is."

"At the top of the page, we need to see all of the entries that the user made.
I'm sorry, employee made."

"For right now, we're working in on employees. It's the same for my independent
contractors as well."

"We got to see what everybody does each day. Not just the employee, but the
contractor as well."

"When you're on the employee screen, though, you're seeing what each employee
does."

"When you're on the regular dashboard and click on the calendar, you're seeing
what you did as the owner of the company."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/2aa41955-16f5-49d0-bea9-37befb007585/pasted-text.txt

"When I tap on the calendar day for that employee, that calendar at the bottom,
when I tap on that day, all right, the 20th."

"The entries for that day does not belong on the employee profile page. It
belongs inside of the calendar screen."

"Now, that calendar day screen is for just that."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 3

"The calendar, when you tap a calendar day, that needs to be pretty much the
same stuff. I can see all the entries for that day."

"I need to see the information for that day, how much total expenses I've
incurred, if I had any invoices come through for that day that I created. In
other words, money coming in and money going out."

