Batch 2 notes for employee permissions screen

Related screen:
lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/9c91ecb5-6994-4e27-8699-47cf8632afd5/pasted-text.txt

"Add employee needs to be the very first goddamn thing that you see."

"When I click that, it opens up a form so I can add their information."

"It doesn't stay on the goddamn screen where I add their information."

"At the top of the page would be add employee."

"All right, below that would be a list of my employees, their name and job
fucking role or their job title."

"You'll see the employee name, you click on it at the top of the screen, it'll
tell you their name and all their information, phone number, email address."

"That's it. We're not doing addresses and all that bullshit. It's private
information. No need to have all that stuff."

"Say we can have it local on the app, but it is not to be saved on Firebase."

"And it needs to be encrypted to that phone so it is freaking secure."

"We're not doing birthdays or anything like that."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/514a85f9-8be0-4c0d-a82f-ca7132fd1077/pasted-text.txt

"Top of the page, add new employee."

"Below that is in alphabetical order, a list of all of the employees."

"Each employee card shows employee name, role label, phone number or email
preview, active slash disabled status."

"Active employees, it needs to have a button for active and inactive at the top
of the screen."

"Inactive would be former employees."

"Role row. The row for the role itself is tappable. Opens permissions, summary.
All the permissions they have been granted."

"An edit permission button opens full permission editor."

"Each drop-down, it needs to say total permissions. available and total
permissions granted for that actual block or that actual container."

"Permissions summary shows permission currently granted."

"Permission editor shows all available permission categories in order."

"Existing permissions already toggled in or on."

"User can toggle permissions on and off."

"Admin mode. All right, this is almost like God mode, but God damn it, you
better not call it God mode is all I can tell you."

"Full admin access allows this employee to manage employees. Change
permissions, view company records, edit company records, edit business data,
and perform high-impact account actions. Only grant this to someone you fully
trust."

"Hidden UI is not security."

"Every permission must be enforced by Firestore rules or Cloud Functions."

"Every permission change must create an audit event."

"Owner cannot remove their own owner/admin access."

"Disabled employees cannot access workspace data, no VINs, plates, passenger
data, or whatever."

