Batch 3 notes for employee permissions model

Related screens:
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_screen.dart
- lib/screens/profiles/employee_permissions_editor_route.dart

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/8ef5a5a7-c599-4001-91c7-b7ccad7b6490/pasted-text.txt

"If that stuff is still there, no access, view only, standard, or full, then
you gotta get rid of that stuff."

"For each individual item, I'm thinking the user, the contractor, or the owner
of the app will have to choose for each and every one of those pieces whether
that employee can just view, edit, modify, can they view, can they read, can
they write to it."

"Every single last one of those permissions is gonna likely need that."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/b2bb2dd3-93ab-4799-b871-e76ae6d8dc1d/pasted-text.txt

"For each employee at the top of the screen, there needs to say active and
then there needs to be a button that says deactivate or, you know, deactivate,
and then delete."

"The contractor needs to delete that employee or edit that employee, their
information because people's phone numbers change all the time."

"People's email sometimes changes from time to time."

"Another thing that we would need to have set up on Firestore or some kind of
functions or whatever would be the ability for my users to even be able to send
the invite to begin with."

"When they send that invite, it needs to be tied directly to that my user's
account."

"Approved workflow, some records may need owner approval. Hours are submitted,
expenses are submitted, materials used."

"A simple on/off toggle for each permission isn't enough."

"Can view invoices and Can edit invoices are two completely different
permissions."

"If you only have one toggle: Invoices: ON What does that mean? Can they:
View? Create? Edit? Delete? Export? Approve?"

"What most enterprise systems do is break permissions into actions."

"Expenses: View Create Edit Delete Approve Export"

"Invoices: View Create Edit Delete Send Approve Export"

"Employees: View Create Edit Delete Invite Manage Permissions"

"There is an Advanced button."

"If the owner clicks Advanced: Now they see: View Create Edit Own Edit All
Delete Own Delete All Approve Export"

"Now they can get as granular as they want."

"The employee permission screen is going to become one of the most important
screens in the entire contractor side of Maintainiac."

"Because jobs, invoices, expenses, inventory, vehicles, reports, and employees
are all going to flow through that system eventually."

"If the permission system sucks, the entire contractor side sucks."

"If the permission system is good, everything downstream becomes easier."

"That's one of those foundation pieces I'd spend a lot of time getting right
before worrying about fancy UI."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 3

"Why would you have four containers labeled no access, view only, standard, and
full? What is that about?"

"That should be a toggle if you're gonna have it there."

