Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/056875e2-e27b-4d96-905b-4547debe5686/pasted-text.txt

"Plus, there's another add-on that we are going to add, and that would be a
small customer portal. Just to start off with, it'll be, you know, the basics."

"Eventually what I want it to be is almost like a marketplace for people to be
able to even locate contractors."

"We need to make it useful for contractors first. Then we will make it useful
for the customer after that to tie everything in."

"There will be a customer-facing profile that the contractor can create so
people can see that. They can upload pictures of jobs. You know, show their
stuff off."

"I do know that I want to be fair for everyone. So, like, the maximum amount you
could actually pay per month, we need to have a max of what you can pay per
month for the advertisement of your company on whatever marketplace we decide to
create."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 1

"Customer is common sense. It's a customer profile. It would be a customer
portal."

"The customer is the same way. They would only be, they would basically be like
read-only essentially, except for messaging the contractor back and forth."

"If they wish to actually have their scheduling for customers to be able to see
how far they are booked out."

"There would need to actually be a contractor profile page that the customer
could actually see."

"The contractor would have to be able to create their profile. What is on there,
all of their information."

"The user could upload their company logo or just their company name, whatever
they want to do."

"We could have several different designs even for the contractors to use."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/0033c4ad-9f3e-426c-bd00-8fbc98c13b44/pasted-text.txt

"Plus, it'll be for customer-facing stuff as well, which we haven't even talked
about the customer portal yet and how that would be set up and how the user
would be able to even talk to the customer if we even allow messages and things
like that."

"We would have to do a customer-facing profile, a profile setup page. All of
that stuff would have to be on here, a profile preview page so the contractor
can preview what their page looks like to the customer, who is able to add to
that page, take away from that page, who can add videos, who can add photos or
both, all that stuff."

"I've considered a rating system, however, we've got to have things in place to
make sure... That customer isn't just giving a bad rating because they don't
like the shirt the guy wore that day or something stupid like that."

