Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 1

"On the hamburger menu, I think that's where the employee profiles need to live,
obviously."

"Then for all of the employees, this would be for a company, maybe they got
three trucks, five trucks, 10 trucks, whatever, 30, 50, however many trucks. We
got to build the employee side of things too."

"The employee side of things is basically the same exact application with some
caveats is the main thing. I don't want the employees with a totally different
UI. That's the whole point. I'm not trying to double build this app."

"This is why permissions needs to drive what that employee actually is able to
see, what they're able to do, all of that stuff. And it needs to be tied in to
Firebase functions, stuff like that."

"If I turn a permission off, then that user needs to not even see it. Not tease
them with it, they don't even see it. And then once the contractor turns that on,
if they turn that permission on for that user, then it needs to update on that
user's phone, like, pretty much immediately."

"When I click on Employee, all right, I don't mind the fact you have employees
and permissions. That's perfect. When I click on that at the top, I need to have
the ability to add an employee. When I add that employee, that is when I add
their name, all their information, how much they get paid, whether they're, you
know, it might even be salary."

"When I go to add an employee, We need to walk the user through how to actually
set this stuff up."

"For permissions, I'm thinking those need to actually be toggles. We need to
have categories and then toggles whether they have permission or not per title."

"The main application needs to be the same for both owner and employee, but that
employee is absolutely gonna wanna keep up with their pay, especially if they
are hourly."

"This application should be a way they could honestly start their day and kind
of clock in, especially if they are hourly pay."

"I would need to be able to enter how much do they get paid per hour, how many
hours they've worked, all that good stuff."

"We're not fooling with taxes, with how much withholdings or anything like that
except for a gross pay."

"We've gotta have an entire laundry list of permissions with whatever
professional applications need."

"I'm not trying to do this like some people do and hardwire permissions. That
user must be able to customize permissions for each of their employees."

"We've got to make it the ability for the app owner or user to make up their own
mind what they want that employee to be able to do."

"We cannot hard code things. We've got to be able to let that user make up their
mind what permissions each employee gets themselves. And we've got to provide
those permissions to that user and lock it all down."

Source: current visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 1

"Every fucking screen in this app needs a goddamn TXT file, and if I mention
something about that screen in these goddamn messages that you see right here,
you must write down what I said into those TXT files, word for word, what I
said."

"Whatever this app does, it must be a permission for each of the features of
this app. Absolutely, positively, every bit of this app must be accounted for,
for permissions."

"For each individual permission, like for a few, do I have the ability to add a
fuel receipt? Do I have the ability to edit a fuel receipt? Do I have the
ability to add, edit, and view my own stuff? Do I have the ability to add, view,
or edit other people's information?"

"If you're able to view other people's expenses, then which role are you able to
view?"

"Can they edit their expense after they have entered it. Then it's still up to
the employer whose expense can they see, can they edit and read other people's
expenses? If so, which role can they edit and which role can they not edit?"

"When it comes to hours, is that employee allowed to write down their own hours?
We gotta have permission for that. Is that employee allowed to write other
people's hours? Are they able to read other people's hours? Are they able to be
able to read what that employee makes per hour?"

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/9c91ecb5-6994-4e27-8699-47cf8632afd5/pasted-text.txt

"Add employee needs to be the very first goddamn thing that you see."

"This is where you look at your employee information."

"Add employee should always be at the top."

"When I click that, it opens up a form so I can add their information."

"It doesn't stay on the goddamn screen where I add their information."

"I don't see that until I actually click add employee."

"At the top of the page would be add employee."

"All right, below that would be a list of my employees, their name and job
fucking role or their job title."

"You'll see the employee name, you click on it at the top of the screen, it'll
tell you their name and all their information, phone number, email address."

"That's it. We're not doing addresses and all that bullshit. It's private
information. No need to have all that stuff."

"Say we can have it local on the app, but it is not to be saved on Firebase."

"And it needs to be encrypted to that phone so it is freaking secure."

"We're not doing birthdays or anything like that."

"At the top of the page, it'll have employee name. Like I said, all their
demographics in the first container, along with their role."

"There needs to be an edit button for the role."

"Underneath that would be a list of all the permissions they have."

"Then I need to be able to edit that and add more if I want or take some away
if I want to."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/514a85f9-8be0-4c0d-a82f-ca7132fd1077/pasted-text.txt

"Top of the page, add new employee."

"It doesn't have to be full goddamn width either."

"It only needs to be about 50 pixels to, you know, maybe 60 pixels tall, and
like half of the width of the screen or something."

"Make it actually look good."

"Below that is in alphabetical order, a list of all of the employees."

"You got the name and the role, what their role, what the title is, what their
title."

"Their title represents the role, okay?"

"Top of main, I mean page, of course, add new employee."

"Below that in alphabetical order, employee list."

"Each employee card shows employee name, role label, phone number or email
preview, active slash disabled status."

"Active employees, it needs to have a button for active and inactive at the top
of the screen."

"Inactive would be former employees."

"I don't want somebody having to scroll through the entire list before they get
to the active and inactive switch."

"For the list, all it really needs is the employee name and title."

"Employee detail, when you click it, at the top of the screen, it'll say
employee name, and then with the name."

"Then below that needs to be all the stuff for, you know, phone number, email,
their role, their status, assigned to vehicle, if any."

"Role row. The row for the role itself is tappable. Opens permissions, summary.
All the permissions they have been granted."

"An edit permission button opens full permission editor."

"It needs to go back into the appropriate categories, if that makes sense."

"Each drop-down, it needs to say total permissions. available and total
permissions granted for that actual block or that actual container."

"That way a user could see how many permissions are in that block and how many
permissions that user has been granted."

"Permissions summary shows permission currently granted."

"Edit permission button opens full permission editor."

"Permission editor shows all available permission categories in order."

"Existing permissions already toggled in or on."

"User can toggle permissions on and off."

"Admin mode. All right, this is almost like God mode, but God damn it, you
better not call it God mode is all I can tell you."

"It needs to have warning text for that button."

"Full admin access allows this employee to manage employees. Change
permissions, view company records, edit company records, edit business data,
and perform high-impact account actions. Only grant this to someone you fully
trust."

"Hidden UI is not security."

"Every permission must be enforced by Firestore rules or Cloud Functions."

"Every permission change must create an audit event."

"Owner cannot remove their own owner/admin access."

"Disabled employees cannot access workspace data, no VINs, plates, passenger
data, or whatever."

"This needs to be state-of-the-art."

"It needs to be good for somebody just working by themselves, which they don't
have to worry about permissions. They have all permissions to begin with."

"Or somebody with three employees, five employees, two employees, whatever."

"We have to have permissions for subscription and stuff like that as well."

"Gotta have permissions for what expenses that employee is allowed to spend
money on too."

"Or what expenses they can add to the company, I would say."

"We're not, we are absolutely not storing any kind of credit card information."

Source: current visible user message, 2026-06-22 add employee permission setup

"What I need from you is to look at the employee, how the add employee, add new
employee. We need to work on that flow."

"So, when I click add new employee, it's got name, phone number, and email.
Perfect."

"Then, it's got the pay setup and things like that. That's at the bottom, which
is not a big deal. We can rearrange that later."

"Then it's got vehicle assignment, which I've already told the other codex
model that we need to have that to be super fast and super easy on that one."

"But for the permissions and what role that person has, think about what a
small contractor with like three to maybe six or seven employees, I don't know,
a small contractor, whatever you want to consider that as."

"How are they going to want or what would be the easiest way for them to go
through all of the permissions?"

"And then you and I need to actually work on absolutely every permission in
this app."

"What it is being, we got to define that permission. Can somebody view, create,
or edit that permission, or that not permission, whatever, that item itself,
within the app itself?"

"I also know that permissions and security is the foundation of this app."

"I need your help to make this a lot easier to deal with."

"I'm thinking maybe it needs to be a button where you click to say, uh, set up
permissions, and it needs to be an entire flow itself."

"And maybe it should be a questionnaire or something. I don't know, I hate
wizards though, and so does everybody else. I don't wanna do a wizard."

"However, we've still gotta help the user through it, because they aren't gonna
have a clue what they're doing."
