Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/056875e2-e27b-4d96-905b-4547debe5686/pasted-text.txt

"Local first, obviously, you got that part correct. Firebase and all that other
stuff is not optional. We have got to include, well, Firebase is the number one
cloud backup."

"I need you to know that this needs to be enterprise-grade application. It must
grow with the user. That is huge. Anyways, my user's safety is absolutely
paramount. Their employees' safety is paramount. The safety of everybody is
paramount."

"This needs to be, everything in here needs to be state-of-the-art and
absolutely the best it could possibly be. It needs to be bulletproof. Not
resistant, but bulletproof."

"If I ask you to... Let's build whatever it is. That doesn't mean just the
basics. That means absolutely, positively everything that that feature would
need."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 1

"We need to make sure that one user cannot see another user of this app on
another account's their information, obviously."

"These toggles are not just hidden UI, but actual locked. Yeah, you need to make
sure it's the actual lockdown access rules. Absolutely, you gotta make sure of
that. And you've gotta actually test it as well to make sure it is legit."

"I will need your help wiring up absolutely everything, permitting with
permissions and stuff like that, all the schemas, all of the roles, and things
like that."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/0033c4ad-9f3e-426c-bd00-8fbc98c13b44/pasted-text.txt

"I'm just making sure nothing goes runaway is my biggest concern."

"Absolutely, we got to make sure everything is going to scale up for, you know,
me having one user or 500,000 users. We got to make sure that this is going to
work. However, we got to do it the smart way so that I'm not spending money
that I don't have."

"I absolutely wanna do security checks, and I absolutely don't mind you using
emulators just so you monitor and look up what Firebase does for free every day
and make sure that we don't go over like $20 per day, and it's covered
underneath that under that credit that Firebase gives you for whatever it is."

"I just need to make sure this stuff is not running away on us is all."

Source: visible user message, 2026-06-20 Batch 2

"All right, another thing we've got to prevent is bot abuse, things like that,
preventing abuse on my Firebase account in the first place."

"Free users get 25 megabits of data a month, one upload or one export per
month, as we speak for right now, until I, you know, until I get big enough."

"Don't be doing screenshots, and do not be saving any screenshots to this
codebase either."

"Don't be storing all the tests in the codebase that you have been doing
either. Any of the scripts for those tests need to be gone."

"We need to prevent these bots as much as we can."

"We gotta make sure, you know, somebody isn't creating like 25 or 30 accounts
from the same device."

"So we gotta do like device tracking and things like that. We're not trying to
track the user, we're trying to just keep track of the event."

"It's got to be protections and layers in place to just prevent that crap."

"I've already got multi-factor MFA, but I probably need to disable text, SMS."

"Anyways, I've got Google enabled, but I probably, what do I need to do to
prevent, to block as much as I can AI bots and whatever people just trying to
abuse this app?"

"All of this stuff on here needs to be backed up, all their mileage, invoices,
inventory, everything would have to be backed up for number one."

"I've got to make sure that the user, all of this stuff needs to be able to be
backed up on Firebase."

"All of the user's actions need to be recorded on Firebase."

"That's the thing, but we've got to do it the smart way. caching whenever
possible, making sure that there's minimal reads and writes when possible."

"So if we could bundle multiple stuff together and make the reads and the
writes even less, that would even be way better."

"We also need something in here to prevent multiple accounts from a single
device."

"I would say two free accounts, and then after that it would need additional
verification per device and IP address."

"Only two per IP address as well is what I would think."

"I know having a Google account reduces it a lot, but we've got to have other
layers of protection in here."

"We need to have whatever is necessary to prevent any more than two accounts
per device."

"I don't want to see it on my end, but Firebase or whatever Firebase,
Firestore functions or whatever it is, needs to do its job to prevent multiple
accounts per device itself."

"That way, it'll help prevent people from generating, you know, 10 accounts
thinking they are gonna get around the 25 megabyte storage cost and stuff."

Source: /Users/rbbie/.codex/attachments/21647db5-5b91-469f-b992-06ab87d55883/pasted-text.txt

"I'm just making sure nothing goes runaway is my biggest concern."

"I've seen you were doing something with emulators and things like that, and
I've just had ChatGPT before in the past tell me that there are people out
there that would forget or something would happen, and next thing you know,
they've got millions of reads per day or something, just trying to do a test of
sorts."

"Anyways, we do need to make sure we stress test it, absolutely, making sure
it's going to work properly."

"Absolutely, we got to make sure everything is going to scale up for, you
know, me having one user or 500,000 users."

"However, we got to do it the smart way so that I'm not spending money that I
don't have."

"As far as I know, I get 50,000 reads per day, but I don't know how much
writes and things like that I get."

"I absolutely wanna do security checks, and I absolutely don't mind you using
emulators just so you monitor and look up what Firebase does for free every
day and make sure that we don't go over like $20 per day, and it's covered
underneath that under that credit that Firebase gives you for whatever it is."
